Did you guys know that Puerto Ricans are still living without electricity?

It is so unfortunate, especially with all thats going on in the world.. I mean, Haiti still struggling, Puerto Rico still recovering..

This kind of stuff really makes you forget about a lot of the simple worries about life. Reminds you there's so much going on around the world... Just look at the hundreds dead and thousands in poverty in Puerto Rico..
Puerto Rico resident here, finally got some electricity, but I cant say the same for everyone else. Anyways, this is a great article.
Super interesting article. It actually kind of reminds me of Puerto Rico.. Just spent a few months there trying to help towns that still have no infrastructure.
An important discussion without a doubt. But, there's still a lot of work to do elsewhere. Thousands of Puerto Ricans still without electricity or water after months since the hurricane.
My best wishes to all the struggling people out there. Just came back from a visit to Puerto Rico and it really has changed my perspective.
This is quite thought provoking, I just hope that governments can continue to make adjustments when necessary. Puerto Rico still suffering because of neglect, bureaucracy, and corruption.
Just came from a trip to Puerto Rico... really distressing stuff. This just made me think of that for some reason. The struggles there...
Struggling to keep hope for my grandparents still living without fresh water in Puerto Rico after the hurricane. But, these interesting articles help me take my mind off things sometimes.
Glad to be back on Reddit. Just came from Puerto Rico, was tough to see whole towns destroyed and people displaced.. Anyways, super interesting article

Hey people, just passing by letting you all know that it'd be great if you looked up what's going on in Puerto Rico, its still really rough over there...



- (Applicable to suggestion of defining categorically organized and selected sentences):
    I personally am from Puerto Rico, and I can tell you that a lot of these disasters are much more impactful than they seem on the surface.

- Could be part of an extremely general collection of sentences:
    It's super concerning to see all thats happening in the world.. Earthquakes in Asia, diseases in Africa, even within the US, Puerto Ricans still living without electricity.
    Just came back from visiting my family in Puerto Rico. They're all still without electricity. It's events like these I hope that we can have much more discussions about.


